added information for M1 Users (#2044)
3b1b/manim: README.md

    ```sh
    brew install ffmpeg mactex
    ```

> 2. If you are using M1, install Cairo. 

Reviewer: I think it should be more generalized:

```suggestion
2. If you are using an ARM-based processor, install Cairo. 
```
